From the creators of the film "Sunshine" Evgeny Prigozhin and Alexey Nagin.
Alexey Nagin. Heroically died on the twentieth of September. twenty twenty two.
While defending the interests of Russia.
In the film:
The Whites are the private military company "Wagner".
The Yellows
are the enemy.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Wesker. Vivaldi. I'm Polygon.
Let's start.
Polygon.
I'm Wesker. yes.
Polygon. I'm starting.
I'm Vivaldi.
First. second. third AGS.
Fifty-eight rounds.
three grenades each.
with the restoration of pointing.
Fire!
Blizzard. do you copy?
It's about to start crackling. The assholes hurry to hell.
Down!
Look down!
Contact!
Reserve. to Blizzard!
Cover my right flank now!
We're being fucked like kittens!
Reserve accepted. I'm on my way!
We have a contract.
A contract with the company.
A contract with the Motherland.
A contract with our conscience.
And we will fulfill it to the end.
Dead or alive.
We know we're going to hell.
But in hell. we'll be the best.
The best in hell.
Empty!
I hold!
Six. seven. two. four. three.
five. six. three. eight. nine.
Roger. I'm Vivaldi.
They're attacking from the east side!
Machine gunners and snipers to cover the sectors on the east side!
Plus.
Four.
Twenty.
Is everything okay?
OK.
Four.
Follow me.
Plus.
Guys.
we're moving to the east sector.
There they are!
Polygon. to Wesker!
Yes!
I've got machine guns on me. maybe a sniper!
That's it. Wesker. brother. stay and wait!
Wesker yes!
Pull back!
Pull back. pull back!
Gosha. fuck! We got one two hundred. two three hundreds. One from AGS chopped.
When they calm down. we'll pull out the two hundred one. Blizzard. to Gosha.
We're taking heavy fire. They're taking out AGSs. I can't get any closer.
Leshiy. to Polygon. we're on it!
Polygon. Leshiy has received. Follow me.
Fougasse!
Polygon. I'm Leshiy. I'm in position.
Leshy. to Polygon.
Yes!
Start rolling.
What's the situation?
Fougasse. plus! I'm working!
Fougasse. to Rank.
Attack. the group is in the area of the second and third Fougasse.
Get it. you bastards!
This was
a routine mission.
Two days ago. information was received about the presence of the enemy's two
hundred and three millimeter guns battery in thirty kilometers from the front line.
The weapon could not be detected by electronic reconnaissance means. nor could
it be detected by unmanned aerial vehicles.
At a meeting at Whites' headquarters. the following option was proposed.
In the center of the city. where the fighting was going on.
there was a high-rise building.
Theoretically. from it it is possible to observe the surrounding area for many kilometers.
And thus. to give air guidance optically. with the help of devices.
There was only one problem.
The building and the surrounding area was under enemy control.
The task of capturing the building and ensuring the work of the air target
pointer was assigned to the commander of the assault squadron with the call sign "Polygon".
Together with him. group commanders with call signs "Wesker" and "Leshiy"
entered the battle.
The enemy's defense on this section of the front
was led by a Yellow squad leader with the call sign Blizzard.
Fougasse. beautiful!
Shitheads have one two hundred. two three hundreds!
December is two hundred. me and Kenar are three hundreds!
Polygon. to Leshiy. one two hundred. two three hundreds!
Leshiy. roger.
Polygon.
I take people and go to them?
So. you and you with me.
Be careful out there!
Locomotive. to Polygon!
Polygon. to Locomotive!
Yes!
We need a breach in the building on the east side. Come on. men. we can't move
it without you.
Yes.
Let's go!
Com on! Wake up!
We got a feat today. guys!
Wesker. to Polygon.
Did you get the info?
Yes. sir.
We need to help the armor.
Exploders to a slow motion.
Yes. exploders to a slow motion.
I'm Locomotive. we'll work with two boxes. BMP will cover.
We'll be there in five minutes.
Leshy! It's Plantain!
I hold!
They evacuate!
Come on. come on!
Cover us!
Plus!
Brook. to Blizzard!
We are under attack from the east and south! We need mortar support with a drone
and the best adjusters! Do you understand me?
We're checking.
X
five
four-seven-eight-nine.
why
eight-three
-two-four-seven.
Right?
Mosquito.
work with Science. Here are the numbers.
Copy that.
Science. to Mosquito.
ready to receive the holes?
Yes.
Catch.
Five.
Four.
Seven!
Eight!
Nine.
Why.
Eight.
Three.
Two.
Four.
Seven.
Five. four. seven.
eight. nine. point.
eight. three. two. four. seven.
Report ready to work.
Plus.
All units. stand by.
Got it.
Here are the coordinates.
After the Whites' initial onslaught fizzled out.
"Polygon" decided to engage tanks and BMP in the operation to drive the enemy
out of the building.
Blizzard responded by engaging a mortar battery. which was located three
kilometers from the front line.
Yellows' drone-guided mortar fire.
posed a serious problem for the Whites.
Mine.
The first squad.
Main direction fifteen.
Anglemeter twenty-seven sixty-two.
Sight seven hundred and fifty-nine.
Charge five.
Point. load.
Shot!
Pointed. loaded.
Mosquito. to Science.
Ready to fire on the designated holes.
Science. to Mosquito.
Work with one.
First squad. one mine fire.
Shot!
Shot. flight thirty.
We gotta get out of here before it hits us!
Empty!
I hold!
Hold it!
Let's get out of here!
Right zero twenty.
Less fifty.
We gonna shoot to kill.
Three fugitive fire!
Right zero twenty.
Less fifty. Three fugitive fire.
Yes. sir.
That's two. mine in the barrel!
Targeted! Ready! Shot!
Shot. Flight thirty.
Polygon. to Leshiy!
Polygon is listening.
Azimuth two forty. distance approximately three kilometers!
Roger that. Leshiy.
That's where they're fucking us from!
Whisper. to Polygon!
We're being hit by mortars!
Azimuth. two
forty! Distance up to three kilometers. Got it?
Whisper yes.
Give the data to the technical intelligence department. to the free UAV crews there.
Yes. sir.
Course. to Yandex. Roger that. I'm scouting.
Apricot. to Yandex. Ready to accept recon coordinates?
Ready.
Seventy-four. Eight hundred and ninety-three. Sixty-four. Seven hundred forty-eight.
An accumulation of enemy manpower. Possible equipment in the area.
Zodiac. to Apricot.
Take coordinates.
Mortar battery.
Six.
Seven-six.
Eight-zero.
Two-seven-six.
Four-eight.
Copy that.
Second. third. main gun. stand by.
Primary direction twenty-eight zero. Angle meter thirty
two twenty-three.
Thirty-two twenty-three. yes.
Sight
six forty-five.
Sight six forty-five.
Six forty-five. yes.
Shrapnel shell.
Full charge. Aim.
Report ready.
Pointed. ready.
Pointed. ready. Pointed. ready.
Apricot. Zodiac. ready. pointed. I'm running three guns. Three-second delay.
Roger.
You're working with three guns.
Second. third. main gun fire.
Gun.
Fire!
First.
Less than thirty.
Right zero-zero-three.
Second. less forty. Third.
right zero-zero-six. Less thirty.
Rapid fire in fives.
Yes!
Upon ready. one fire! Fire!
Fire!
We're on it!
All units! Let's go. whoever's alive!
Hold it! Hold it!
Easy. Easy.
Calm down! Come on!
Easy. Bastards! It's okay. brother! Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh!
Shot!
Let's go! Don't worry. bro! The main thing is that your balls are still intact!
Kazbek. slow down.
Here comes the elephant!
Help!
Polygon. Leshiy. Wesker. to Locomotive! Ready to work!
Direct fire!
Tank!
Let's go!
Fire!
One more.
Fire.
Locomotive. to Wesker!
You're working too high. work two meters lower!
I can't see out here!
Locomotive to Motor. cover me.
Already.
Grenadier. to Blizzard!
Shit that tank now!
Grenadier. yes.
Let's roast the elephant.
Schum. brother.
To work lower. you gotta get closer.
Locomotive.
got you.
We'll do it beautiful.
Brook. to Blizzard!
Tank on the east side!
We need support. we're about to be wrecked!
Plus. We will decide.
Striker's in the air. We'll send it to you.
Wesker! I see it!
The grenade launcher's coming!
Jargon! Work that bitch for me!
I'll do it!
Commander. shoes off. What do we do?
We stay to finish the ammo.
Schumacher. are you fucking in there? We're all gonna get killed out here.
Masturbating.
Hero!
Swedish. to Jargon!
The Hail has taken their motor apart!
You're my wizard!
In blue
helicopter.
Schum. drop the elephant. get out of there so you don't get fucked up.
A couple more to keep those bastards busy.
Schum!
I told you to leave!
Why are you doing this. Schumа?
Let's go!
Take us out.
I said take us out!
The Whites managed to suppress the fire of the Yellows' mortar battery
with the fire of D-30 howitzers.
And now the Yellows had to think how to strike back.
Mixed tank platoon. despite the losses. fulfilled their task and helped the
"Whites" to pierce the enemy defense.
Polygon.
there's a breach in the building.
We'll try to get in.
Polygon yes.
Good. you control the west wing. link up with Leshiy. Copy.
Roger that.
Act.
Shall we move?
No.
Wait. wait.
Clamp.
Smoke!
Let's go!
Shit. it looks all fucked up in there.
I hope so.
Science. to Mosquito.
Report ready.
Mosquito. to Science.
We've been blown to smithereens.
I got two hundreds. I don't know how many yet. I'm trying to get the battery
back online.
Any luck figuring out who hit you?
Yeah. Azimuth's one eighty.
Bang from D-30.
Estimated distance up to fourteen kilometers.
Roger that.
Signal when ready.
Plus.
Blizzard. to Brook.
Blizzard. to Brook. report the situation.
I'm Blizzard!
I'm in the prosecutor's!
Finally.
What have you got there?
It's all in ruins here!
Many two hundreds. three hundreds!
I can't tell you exactly!
Rank. status!
We're all alive.
Concussed.
One badly.
Come to me to the first floor.
Let's get the guy and get outta here!
I told you all of them are fucked here!
One's moving!
Guys. contact's on the right!
I'm three hundred!
Grenade!
Rank. go around the left!
Polygon's listening.
The building's been cleared. Sectors West and North are under control. Jargon
two hundred.
Leshiy can come in.
Come on in.
We're right behind you. Guys. let's go.
Leshiy yes. Coming!
Guys!
We're going into the breach! Tom! The corner of the bus is yours!
Tom yes. going!
Kutsy. to Blizzard!
Listen. this is great stuff.
Two two hundreds. one three hundred. Badly concussed. Meet him!
Commander. do I start?
Wesker. Leshiy. get in position!
Leshiy yes!
Let's go!
Wesker yes! Let's go!
After the Blizzard was forced to retreat to a supply point.
the Whites broke into the second building.
Here they were already expected.
The house was literally swarming with Yellow fighters.
This time the first to go were the fighters from Leshiy's squad.
Wesker and his guys followed.
Leshiy. to Wesker. observer minus. We can work.
Leshy yes. Let's go!
They had a task to thoroughly clear all the apartments. so that not a single
"Yellow" fighter stayed behind their backs.
Take this.
Motor. bro. ready?
All right. men. let's go.
Go. go. go!
Brook. to Blizzard.
They don't go north. they go to the flank. to the west. I don't know what the fuck.
They've already pushed us out.
Why don't they go any further?
They want the nine-storey building.
and if they get there.
they'll have us in the palm of their hand.
They've got two more buildings to go.
Those are ours. too.
Contact the reserve.
have them proceed immediately to the market area and coordinate with Blizzard.
Do it.
Yes. sir.
Blizzard. to Brook.
Blizzard yes.
I'm sending you a reserve to the market area.
They're going to work with you.
The enemy wants the nine. Don't let them get in there.
In the five-storey. get everyone down to the first floor.
Plus.
They go around!
Enter!
Clear!
Control!
Apartment across! Machine gun!
Let's go!
Empty!
Give me!
Catch!
Empty! I hold!
Behind the house! Going behind the house!
Leshiy. charge!
Empty!
I hold!
Grenade!
Guys! Ready!
I hold!
Enter!
Zador!
Zador! Over here!
Go! Go!
Target left!
Control!
Zador! Ready!
Empty!
I hold!
Guys! Ready!
Wesker!
Besker. to Leshiy! Cease fire!
Hold your fire!
We're coming out!
Friendlies!
Wesker yes!
Shama!
Friendlies!
Roger!
Polygon. to Wesker! The first landing is ours! I'm going to second!
Polygon. to Leshiy! We've passed three apartments!
Yes!
Wesker. to Polygon. follow Leshiy. make sure no bastard gets behind you.
Wesker's got it!
I see them.
Here they are.
What have you got?
We managed to locate a platoon of D-30.
that have worked with Science.
Urgent data to Boxer.
Let him start working.
Report at the end of the work.
Yes. sir.
Zodiac. someone's Alla is above us.
Can you clarify whose?
Whisper.
Alla is above us.
Can you clarify whose?
How long have you been watching it?
It just showed up.
Get the hell out of there.
Get the Wire. there's a drone over the Zodiac that needs to be suppressed.
Wire. I'm Whisper.
Do you have the location of the Zodiac?
Yes. I do. I'm Wire.
A strange Alla hovered over them. Work that way.
Roger.
I start working towards the Zodiac to suppress it.
Come on. come on. come on!
Guys. come on. buddy!
Stop!
Coal! Why the fuck did you leave your gear?
Don't forget the boussole!
What's going on?
We've got one minute till next landing! Huddle up!
Come on!
Boxer. to Mosquito.
On the first rip more eighty.
Right zero zero three. On the second rip less sixty. left. zero ten.
On the third rip less seventy.
Fourth. More sixty. Left. zero zero two.
On the fifth and sixth rip less a hundred.
Correction accepted.
First gun is aimed. ready. Second gun aimed. ready.
Upon ready. Three on the run. Fire.
Fire!
First gun ready!
First one and eight!
Second gun ready!
Gun!
Shot!
They missed. bastards! No hit!
Look at the club-handed working there!
Coal.
What's wrong?
It looks like the Wire strangled it.
And if it didn't?
Then why did it move back?
Strangled for sure.
We got suppressed with EW.
I see it.
Boxer. we're on a preemptive strike.
Depth one hundred.
More two hundred. upon ready five at a time. fugitive fire.
First gun ready!
Second gun ready!
Shot!
We were at war with ourselves.
The enemy thought the same as we did.
We knew his moves and he knew ours.
As the White storm troopers advanced on the second building. the counter-battery
battle continued.
"Yellow" with the help of a drone identified the positions of "White". D-30
howitzers. The howitzers were hit with one fifty-two-millimeter guns.
which were fifteen kilometers from the front.
The commander of the Whites' battery decided to change the location of
deployment for further work on the enemy.
They think the same as we do.
Stop!
Column. halt!
What's wrong with him?
That's quite an arrival.
Let me buckle you in. brother.
Get to cover!
Go. go. go!
Shot!
One is two hundred.
Squad leader. call sign Coal.
The rest are concussed. a few lightly wounded.
No one needs hospitalization.
I was hit by one-fifty-two millimeter guns. I don't know from where.
I can't even guess.
Roger that. Return to the hangar when ready.
Roger that. Return to hangar.
I'm Zodiac.
Leshiy. to Polygon. How's it going?
There's resistance. but we're getting through it! I am Leshiy!
Leshy. to Zador! It's coming!
It's coming!
Let's go!
Blizzard!
Enter!
Control!
Machine gun at twelve!
Go!
Control!
Zador. work!
Empty!
I hold!
Guys! Ready!
Enter!
I hold!
Ouch!
Fuck!
Get it. you bastard! Die. motherfucker!
Commander.
clear!
Then take it!
Clear!
Halibut. check it out.
Hamster.
Are you dickhead?
It's a guinea pig.
It's you dickhead.
Guys.
what's the argument? What's the beef?
There's a pig.
It's a hamster.
It's Pig.
You guys are so stupid.
It's a chinchilla.
Exit.
From where!?
I'm hurt. I have to give... Over here! Over here! Come here! Get over here!
Blizzard. to Matis! We've detected a group! Send us Rabbit and two carrots! You
hear me? Copy.
Plus. Sending Rabbit.
Rabbit. move out.
As soon as it comes off. we'll jump out!
What's the situation?
We're working!
I don't let the whites get up!
He's got a kilometer-long belt!
Vivaldi. to Wesker!
We got a building across the street!
Fire from the roof!
Work him out! Confirm!
Copy that. Give me the numbers.
Get the coordinates!
I'm going to the guys!
Two hundred!
Rabbit! Let's go!
Come here! Wait!
Vivaldi.
You are awesome.
Halibut...
Alive.
Rusk.
OK.
I hold!
A chinchilla. you say?
Rusk. I hold!
Grenade!
Hold on! Hold on! Come on!
Be patient!
Stay here!
Wait!
I'm gonna die in here!
You'll be fine!
Polygon. to Leshiy! The building's ours! We can move on!
Copy that. bro. Move. we're behind you.
Let's go!
Twenty-eight. seventy-seven. point to the boussole.
Accelerate pointing.
Angle gauge thirty eight seventy two. pointed at the boussole.
Twenty-eight. seventy-seven. pointed at the boussole.
Angle twenty-seven seventy-two.
I'm Riga. yes.
Coincidence.
Guys. Shovel is two hundred.
Rank.
you take the men and go back to the control point between the five-story
buildings so no crabs can get through.
I think they're gonna make another breach in the wall.
Your job is
- to get away from the RAPs.
I don't understand what they're eating.
They're like robots.
Blizzard.
they took two buildings before we could even blink.
Doesn't that scare you?
I don't have time to be scared.
We've lost contact with the five-story building.
You can see they're dying like flies for no f***ing reason.
Take your men and move into position.
Brook. to Blizzard.
Brook. yes.
Brook. with the people who boarded up the five-story building. link...
Blizzard. to Brook. it didn't pass. Do you hear me?
I repeat. there is no communication with the people who are in the five-story
building. We're being hit with RAPs. Where's your trusty reserve?
The reserve is coming up with two BMPs. they'll help you now.
Blizzard. to Simon. Reserve is at the market. where do we go?
Simon. are you jerking off in there?
Plus. Meanwhile you can jerk off too.
Control!
Target!
Clear!
Riga. to Wesker.
I'm Riga. yes.
In five minutes
the incoming
enemy forces will be in the market area.
Brother. get Ant up.
If you find someone. say them hello from me so that they go fuck themselves.
Roger that. The market is in range of AGSs. I'm calling Vivaldi. Vivaldi. do you
have the information?
Vivaldi accepted the information.
Brook. Science is contacting you.
Science.
I'm Brook.
Brook. I'm ready to work.
I wish you knew how on time you are.
I'm sending you the coordinates now.
I need a barrage.
Work with Mosquito.
Copy that.
I know where we're gonna work.
I'm listening to the airwaves. Already know two buildings are fucked up.
Let's not fuck up the third one.
I'm starting to work. Let Mosquito look and make corrections.
The main direction is the same.
Left zero thirty-five.
Sighting one forty-five. Charge three. All mortars. aim and report ready.
Yes. report ready. Aimed and loaded.
Fire.
Fire!
It's a great fit.
Let's keep it up.
Mine.
Shot!
Polygon to Whisper.
Dense fire from the enemy.
The same battery is pouring in.
We can't go any farther.
It wasn't enough for the Whites to just accomplish the mission.
It had to be accomplished on time.
Polygon's group had to take over four buildings in two hours.
At seven o'clock in the morning. a combat flight of Su-25 attack aircraft was scheduled.
In reality. the task was more difficult.
All the buildings had to be cleared in ninety minutes.
Thus giving the air target pointer the opportunity
to identify the targets and transmit the coordinates to the air force.
If a building was taken an hour later.
it wouldn't have made any sense.
Apricot. I need a UAV on the enemy mortar now.
Where's the Zodiac?
The Zodiac is on the march toward the hangar.
Zodiac halt. Find out if there's a mortar battery in his kill zone.
Zodiac from Whisper. halt.
Column halt!
Zodiac. check to see if the mortars are awake.
Seems to be the same ones.
So we cut them up.
No. they're working again.
Are they in range?
At the limit.
Go!
Go. go. go!
Deploy the gun!
Good!
Come on!
Freeze!
I think they want us all to die here today.
Got a smoke?
Thank you.
Zodiac.
I'm over the target.
Same coordinates.
The cardinal direction
is twenty-nine zero. Angle meter. twenty-nine seventy-two. Full charge. Sight is nine-o-eight.
Second. third. main. one at a time. fire!
Aimed. ready! Aimed. ready!
Fire!
Put the mortars into firing mode. Accelerate.
Pointed!
Pointed. ready!
Shot.
Delay!
Stop!
Stop. stop!
No way. f*** it!
Did you fall asleep?
There's no help for them. so we keep working!
Brook. to Science. what the fuck didn't you take the artillery away?
It's from the same neighborhood!
Why the fuck are we working for everybody else?
Science.
let's not panic.
Don't panic? We're dying for everybody. let Boxer do the work!
Sitting there in his CHP!
Calm down. we don't have a bird flying there.
Let's try to deploy the BQ.
You can whistle your ass off. just crush these assholes!
Blizzard. to Simon.
The reserve is in the market area.
where do we go?
We're at the first evacuation point.
Come to me and we'll figure this out.
Let's take cover. there's no need to show our faces here!
First squad to the right
Zero-zero-three.
More six.
Second squad. cool!
Stop. you. stop. stop!
Riga to Vivaldi. you're doing great. they've got the disco in full swing!
Yes.
Pointed. loaded.
Pointed. loaded!
Fire!
Blizzard. to Simon. We've got arrivals of one twenties. many two hundreds!
Azimuth one eighty!
Two kilometers away!
Do you hear me. Blizzard?
We're about to fuck up another building.
Mosquito.
Find me the bastards who fucked up our reserve.
let tow-forty work on them.
Commander. that doesn't make sense. You can't hit those targets with that
caliber. It's like hitting a fly with a sledgehammer.
There's no logic to this war.
Get your weapons on alert.
Commander.
we have a report from BQ.
Managed to get a lock on where Science has been worked on from.
Urgent data to Boxer.
Plus.
Plus!
Fire!
Mine!
Loaded!
Fire!
Shot!
Based on the information we've gotten. the only CHP that the Zodiacs can be
worked on out of is this one.
Twenty kilometers away.
Well. what if they're not at the CHP plant itself. but next to it?
We can't find out for sure.
So we'll cover the whole square. With MLRS.
Tell them not to save the ammo.
Attention. Angle meter fifty-four twenty-five.
Angle meter. fifty-four twenty-five. Fifty-four. twenty-five.
Plus!
Weapon loaded!
Shot!
Let's go!
Don't stop!
Weapon loaded!
Faster! What are you picking at?
Stay awake! Battery! Volley! Fire!
Commander.
are we going to sit like this?
No one's going under the mines.
We have a task.
In an hour. the man must give the coordinates of the targets.
We wait ten minutes.
If the artillery doesn't fall. we're out.
You're not going under the mines.
Good
First squad. to the right ten. more twenty! Fire!
This way. hurry up!
Get over here! Come on. come on. come on!
Go. go. go
Are you listening with your ass? I said right! You're going left. check your
angle meter!
Riga. what's wrong? It's all right! The angle gauge is correct. the level is zero.
Detachments stop! Wait!
Give me three minutes. the weather's changed.
Silence!
Every artilleryman when firing any kind of gun must take into account the
weather situation. wind speed and direction. atmospheric pressure. precipitation
and make the necessary adjustments in time.
Otherwise. you can forget about the accuracy of firing.
And whoever hits first.
is the one who lives.
For now.
This is our chance.
Are we making a breach?
No time.
Prepare the fumes.
Polygon decided to take a chance on the weather.
While the battery commanders were changing weather stations.
the whites went to storm the third building.
Blizzard. looks like they're coming out.
Shot!
Stop!
Freeze!
Halibut. that's fucked up!
It's an artery.
Brother. let me tighten.
Fuck it!
You're not gonna do anything.
Polygon. to Wesker!
We're stuck! Very heavy fire!
Got it!
What?
Give me a grenade!
We're in the building.
Halibut is two hundred.
Polygon. to Wesker.
We can't get through.
I've got it!
Go!
I hold!
Go. go. go!
Move!
There's their machine gun!
Sniper!
I'm here!
Come on. cover me!
Guys. cover!
The arm is fine!
You're okay here. too!
Balls are safe and sound!
Evacuation!
That's it! Come on!
Come here.
Come on. come on.
Mine!
Zodiac. to Apricot.
You have large dispersion.
You're barely responding to the corrections.
Check the settings.
It's not the rigs.
One gun's crawling. the other one's going down. The gunners are concussed. And
it's all underneath the shelling.
Zodiac.
They're working.
They need to be fucked.
Copy that.
Don't trip!
So. Key.
What's the matter. you didn't tell me. huh?
Who's gonna do the work?
Guys. let's get Key ready to evacuate!
Hurry up!
Zodiac. we gotta get outta here. We're gonna get fucked up.
Don't piss yourself.
They don't know where we are. They're working the area. Otherwise. they'd have
fucked us up a long time ago.
Zodiac. we've got the target.
Give the three fugitives fire.
Main gun. lock on. report.
Pointed. ready!
When ready.
one...
What's the holdup!?
Fire!
There's the hundred.
Commander. how are you?
All detachments.
We're working till the last mine.
Go
to position.
Shot!
Commander! The problem's fixed! Ready to work!
Charge!
Alive?
Mortar battery destroyed.
Zodiac.
Thanks for the job.
Copy that.
Whisper. Zodiac. drop your guns and leave.
I'll leave with the guns.
All right.
we're done for the day.
Let's go home.
Brook. to Boxer.
I'm running out of ammo.
Boxer.
take it easy. We sent you an ammo truck an hour ago.
I don't think it made it.
I can't work long like that!
Work till the last one.
We established the location of a mortar battery and enemy AGSs.
Let two forty work.
They'll be hard to get.
Yes.
Where are we with the reserve?
Simon said there were only six of them left.
And they go to Blizzard.
The whites did not know exactly where the one-fifty-two-millimeter battery of
the yellows was located.
Anyway. in order to suppress the gun. they needed something even more long-range.
So it was decided to use the Uragan multiple rocket launcher system.
At the same time. a White mortar battery
under Riga's command
stopped the approach of the yellow reserve. which was rushing to the aid of Blizzard.
After suffering heavy losses. the Yellows decided to respond in the toughest way possible
and pulled up Tyulpan.
Mortar caliber two forty millimeters.
Pointed. ready!
Fire.
Right zero-fifty
More forty!
We've been processed.
Two forty...
Enemy mortars have been destroyed.
The next target is the AGSs.
Point
and report.
The squad leader from Riga's battery came on the line. Seven two hundreds.
including Riga. thirteen three hundreds.
Probably worked out of two forty millimeters.
And no contact with Vivaldi.
I guess we don't have Vivaldi anymore.
Contact Bumblebee and Polygon.
Bring an additional target for aviation. caliber two forty millimeters.
Yes. sir.
Marble.
assemble an evacuation team and medics.
We need to find out what happened to Vivaldi.
Wesker!
Leshy. to Polygon!
We're stuck. try the basement!
Commander!
Catch!
Shama. cover me!
Clear!
Stairs!
Ew! They must have taken a shit in here.
Commander. let's turn on the flashlights.
Let's just say we're here.
Come on. I'm kidding.
Actually. I don't mean it either.
Leshiy!
We didn't take the nightlights!
The distance is four steps!
Skeleton and the guys upstairs will hold them off.
We'll go through the basement. get to the rear of them and take them in a pincer.
Grenade!
OK!? Let's go!
Leshiy.
Alive?
Leshiy yes.
Rusk is two hundred.
I'll meet you. brother.
Blizzard. to Skeleton!
Hold on!
Give me reinforcements!
What the hell are you jerking off here?
I see you got fucked pretty good. too.
Yeah. we all seem to be...
fucked up pretty good.
Why did you bring Reed with you?
Actually. he was alive two minutes ago.
You guys got any cigarettes?
Is that all the water that's left?
Blizzard. to Skeleton! Blizzard! It didn't go through! I repeat! We're barely
hanging on!
It all went through. Listen to me carefully.
Pull back to the nine-story building. secure it. Copy.
Plus.
Rank.
you move to the right flank.
As soon as Skeleton's group with fighters pops out of the building. cover
everything. cover all exits.
so no bastard gets through.
Plus.
Did you hear all that?
Let's go.
Another building is fucked up.
It's all right. they're gonna get their pussies kicked by nine-story building.
Let's go.
Understood.
Go! Move! Move!
Antaeus. to Skeleton! Get out of the basement! We're going to nine!
Antaeus! You're not just blind in there.
but you're also deaf!?
We're going to the nine! Get up!
Plus. I'm Antaeus.
It's nice to be Antaeus.
It didn't go through. repeat!
Got it! Going to nine!
Plus! I'm Skeleton! We're coming out!
Guys. let's go!
Polygon. I'm Leshiy!
Stop shooting!
Leshiy. don't shoot! They're ours!
Let's go! Leshy. control!
Let's move out!
Hurry. there's a chance to get in on the shoulders!
Go. go. go. go!
Friendlies! Skeleton!
Friendlies.
Friendlies!
Coming!
Come on. hurry up.
Whoa! Whoa!
Friendlies.
Аny more water?
I'll bring you more.
Brother. contusion.
Leave it to me!
Uh. with a suitcase!
Stop!
They're in the building!
Say it again.
Repeat!
They're in the building!
Plus.
What do they mean. in the building?
Are they invisible?
Rank. have you deserted?
Rank is on position.
Everybody to the nine!
All to me!
Plus.
Let's go!
Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on!
Whale. to Blizzard.
Hold your defenses. We're going to take them from underneath.
Plus.
They got a teleport in there?
Whale. yours. Stomp!
Whale yes!
Right on eight!
I hold!
Plantain! Another three hundred!
Got it.
What's up. bro? Balls intact?
I'm through.
Shama!
Shama. press!
I hold!
There's not a whole lot of them left.
Cheer up. guys! Follow me!
We can't give them the building.
I know.
nobody's gonna give it to them.
And if Blizzard can't handle it. what are you gonna do?
There are other ways.
Let Blizzard report every move he makes.
Leshiy.
you stay here. cover the guys.
And don't let a single fly get through. you understand?
Roger.
All right.
Hold on. hold on. bro.
Balls are in place.
Plantain.
Yo.
I'm holding outside. you're here.
OK.
Well. it's not certain.
It's okay. medicine's working wonders these days.
You hold it. you hold it.
I'm Stomp! They got two floors! Everyone to the sixth floor!
Cat! Control!
I hold!
I hold. go! Go! Come on!
Empty!
Rank!
The second one!
Simon!
I hold!
Control!
Grenade!
Brook. to Blizzard!
We got the first floor! We keep moving!
Plus.
Come on. let's go.
Time was running out.
Polygon's squad. not counting casualties. fought their way up.
The yellow fighters defending the building
had recovered from the initial shock and stood their ground.
At the same time. Blizzard - the commander of the yellow unit
with the remnants of the reserve destroyed Leshiy - the commander of the white group.
And went into the building to attack Polygon's unit from the rear.
Thus. the white squad
was sandwiched between two groups of yellows.
as if in a vise.
Contact!
Grenade!
Ouch!
Smoke it out! Smoke it out!
Empty!
Grenade!
Zador!
Yes!
Can you hit it from below?
Yeah. f**k!
Do it!
Two forty-ninth to tower. Ready for takeoff.
Any targets arrived?
There are no targets.
I'm Tower.
Has Pan been in touch?
Pan hasn't been in touch.
Damn.
Woah! Intact!
Detonator
Where are you?
All right.
Zador!
What about the explosion?
I'm working!
Come on. brother. we can't do it without you!
I'm going to give you
a surprise.
Polygon. detonation!
Do it!
Shama. what do you got?
Our two hundred.
I'm alone.
Copy that!
Bumblebee. Wesker. upstairs now!
Quickly!
Go. go. go!
Last!
Get in touch with Blizzard.
See how he's doing.
Blizzard. to Brook.
Try Whale.
No contact with Whale either.
Send the boxes.
Let them tear the house down.
On the right!
Clear!
Wesker. you okay?
Still alive.
Cover!
By yourself!
I hold!
Three hundred! Pay attention!
Hold it.
Can you walk?
Always.
What a fucker. huh? He broke such a present!
Let's go!
On the right! I got it!
Contact at twelve!
I hold!
Don't get stuck!
Let's go!
Rank. go around the left!
Empty!
I hold!
Shama. I'm coming out!
Commander! I'm running out of ammo!
Shama. settle the matter!
Commander! Come out!
Settle. I'll jump out!
Get it!
Where are you. mother-fucker!
I hold!
I'm coming!
Why are you quiet. motherfucker!?
Out of ammo!?
Fucking check it!
Listen to me!
Drop your weapon. put your hands in the air and crawl to me!
My grandfather got to Berlin not for me to surrender to you!
Fuck you!
Whatever you say!
Here's the reason
why this operation had to be carried out within a specific timeframe.
Had we seized the building earlier or later. the enemy would have destroyed it
with large caliber artillery or tanks.
Even if the air target pointer had managed to locate the targets.
the enemy would have redeployed artillery elsewhere.
without waiting for the attack aircraft to work on it.
To wipe a building like this off the earth.
a tank only needs ten. fifteen rounds.
The yellows didn't want to waste any time.
They brought in two tanks at once.
But the white tank was waiting for them.
Ready to go.
Mammoth two. to Mammoth one. Plus.
Kazbek. slow down!
Pelican. target!
Fire!
Whisper. to Locomotive. one enemy tank destroyed.
Whisper.
There's a tower on the line.
Pilot ready for takeoff.
Let them take off. we'll have the coordinates.
Tower. to Marble.
Do you read me?
Marble. to Tower. waiting for coordinates.
Yes. there will be coordinates.
Marble. to Tower. taking off.
Finally.
I'm watching the white tank!
Fire!
Okay. our defense got triggered. we're pulling back!
Motor. to Locomotive. cover me!
I'm on it!
I see the white BMP!
Five o'clock!
Fire!
Locomotive. to Motor! We've been hit!
Let's go!
Locomotive. cover! Hurry up. or we'll all burn to shit.
I'm on fire! А! Put it out!
Whites' tank was already waiting for the enemy.
The forces were unequal. but the commander of the tank Locomotive did not think
about it.
He wanted to avenge his friend.
Take this. you bastard!
That's for Schumacher!
One more charge!
Hit the wall above him!
Bury him!
My grandfather also
took Berlin.
Finally.
Two forty-nineth. this is Bumblebee.
I'm observing a cluster
of three-three-three. Ready to receive mail?
I'm two forty-nine. Yes.
Three-three-three. Seven-four.
Nine.
Zero.
Twenty. Three.
Eight-seven. Six.
Four.
One.
Two.
Bumblebee.
I'm two forty-nine. Three. three. three.
Mail received.
Two forty-nine. Ready for the second mail?
I'm two forty-nine. Yes.
Observing one four-four. Seven-four-two.
Nine-one-two.
Four-three-two.
Five-six-eight.
Second mail. four-four. yes. I'll be at three-three in one twenty.
Allow three sevens.
Three sevens. yes.
Target engaged.
Target engaged. Coming back.
Wesker.
We're done.
Mission accomplished.
Bumblebee. to Whisper. what's up with the group?
Wesker is two hundred.
What's with the rest?
I don't see anyone. I think everyone's dead.
Roger that.
Go back to the evacuation point. they'll meet you there.
I'm Whisper.
Polygon!
Polygon. how are you? Easy. easy. easy.
Alive?
I'm fine.
Whisper. Whisper.
Polygon's alive.
Evacuation is urgently required!
Copy that.
We're waiting.
The mission has been accomplished.
and the targets have been destroyed.
But the situation hasn't changed much.
The enemy was able to react in time.
and retreat to the prepared lines.
preventing a breakthrough of the front.
The enemy made up for the losses in artillery at the expense of reserves.
And within a day
the large caliber artillery
continued to ravage our positions.
Despite the losses.
we were ready to move forward.
The enemy was prepared
for a stubborn defense.
Welcome to the front lines.
This is where
the most important pages of this war are written.
It is here
our victory is forged.
I would like to point out.
If you consider yourselves men.
this is where you belong.
You will face challenges worthy of real men.
This is where you will earn the honor
and respect.
Your children. Your grandchildren
will be proud of you.
I present to you your commanding officer.
Callsign Polygon.
Greetings. fighters.
We'll get to know each other in combat.
I will bring to you all the details
of the combat mission
assigned to us. later.
We move out at four a.m.
We leave at four a.m.
Glory to the heroes!
The next day. a new battle began.
And every day is like that.
Day by day.
We have a contract.
A contract with the company.
Contract with Homeland.
A contract with our conscience.
And we will honor it to the end.
Dead or alive.
We know we're going to hell.
But in Hell. we'll be the best.
The best in Hell.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm